in 2010 asus presented the first
line video card
at the time it was considered more
power of the world with 2 gb us ati radeon
hd 5870 from md the board promised power
unlimited
now in 2013 asus launched the second
Generation 2 zone board combine one
same design two radeons hd 7970 ghz
lishan equipped with the hybrid cooler as well
rugged water-cooling system
and air
The dual gpu has a
much smaller operation than other
market plates
even when compared to models with
differentiated cooler systems
following the tradition initiated by the
first gpu of line 2 areas promises
be the fastest card in the world in
well-protected
exclusive steel case that allows
the registration of a password areas 2 comes with
a card that shows the edition number
of the plate
in total only 999 were produced
units of dual gpu areas 2 comes also
with the second fan for the cd cooler
manual and adapter drivers see for
hdmi connector for kross fire on the
rogue and adapters for those who own
source of energy without
pci express connectors
worth noting that despite the area the two
have your project based on two chips
radeon hd 6970 it can not be
confused with the project of the
recently launched 79 90 and also uses the
same chips while the 79 90 was
led by amd and passed on to
company partners areas 2 is a
single asus project
the manufacturer was inspired by mythology
Greek to name your generation of
board with two graphics chips amd son
of powerful zeus areas is known
as the god of savage war colors
give them two are characteristics of
products with the rough seal the plate has a
quite imposing visual not only
by size but by owning a cooler
hybrid with a focus on the other
cooler adopted by the larger company than
the vast majority of boards
compared to those with two chips
aries 2
a metal base characteristic of
some top models the plate
features six monitor connections
four displayport and two to watch giving
possibility of one and fitch with six
screens for board feeding areas 2
It has three 8-pin
energy as expected the performance of the
dual gpu is worthy of one of the best
video cards running the
3d mark testing software 11 areas 2
left behind a cross fire with two
radios hd 6970 to gtx 690 which has two
nvidia chips also did not reach
asus board with game bioshock
infinite in high resolution areas 2 stayed
more than six percent ahead of the waistband
fire with two HD 6970 performance
was also higher than the result
reached by a sl with two gtx 680 and
for gtx 690 to amd radeon hd 6990
also did not reach performance give them
2 on most tests done by sites
international
if the high performance with the price is not
different
those interested in acquiring the
video ares two will have to shell out
$ 1,600 or more than
three thousand and two hundred reais